Dozens of arrests were made by the fbi and new york police today in a massive mob
bust several infinite mafia families along the east coast were involved here's what we know the
fbi arrested more than forty people allegedly involved in organized crime they've
been charged with weapons trafficking extortion illegal gambling
healthcare and credit card fraud assault and other offenses members of the
...gambino lucchese capi
and bonanno mafia families are involved investigators say they allegedly ran
a huge business called the east coast enterprise and there are some interesting
nicknames of some of those charged that are now among them rooster tony the wig
muscle boy tony the cripple nikki the wig
...mustache pat tugboat
At the kid and big vinnie right now we know nearly all of the
fourty six charged are in custody.